[Music]
[Applause]
pictures cif for DIY
hello everyone so given
that I realized that one
helmet support it was really very
especially useful for helmets with a
microphone that stands out like the siberia v2 or
the raft crack years like mine and
why not make a support on
more aesthetic possible and so we
let's see I'll show you how
I made mine for this
realization you will need a
bit of wood a little long like that the
a pretty decent thickness good I
take something in the plywood
finally an agglomerate of about one
centimeter bulls is a piece of wood
like this like this is a bit thick that
will act as two support feet of the
blow because it will be the built in some
so it must be a little bit
water and you will also need a
of a board then the finest
possible but after that you do it
that you want because I give you
just the shape but you can very
well improvised according to your desires
personally this game makes these choices there
there we will begin the route and the
cutting you take your piece of
wood and you trace a shape of little
near the size that wanted
personally I want to remove the
part that digs here from the charles coup
zerah something like 10 cm by 16 cm
here you drew your
very pretty rectangle well we're going to
cut
[Music]
now you take your other
piece of wood so then you can
take what you want no matter
if the usc it is necessary that this width here
to a little higher than those to
the thickness of the hoop of your helmet
and we're going to cut it pretty much here I've
measured pifometric mans for for the
helmet height in fact the cost is at
about that what for me gives me 20
cm exactly
definitely I'm still in the cm
pile hair so have you there too we're going to
cut out and we go the assemblies then
here I cut but four pieces
we 're going to be a little bit
because there really will have to do them
a little bit of sanding because that's
pretty ugly and eventually round
a little the edges to give a species
was not a style
[Music]
now with a tig there a little
hammer of dante isoz depressed a small
drawbridge hope to bring in more
easily and started to drop
so for the base I'll see me
because she needs a little more
resistance with regard to small
little border there on the sides it did not
no need for people bouvier resistance
school of life
[Music]
no